docs: example setup for circle ci (#1207)
Bearer/bearer: docs/guides/ci-setup.md

For more details and additional configuration, see our [guide to using GitLab](/guides/gitlab/).

> ## CicleCI
> 
> To integrate with CicleCI using a Github repository and reviewdog for comments you can use the following setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## CircleCI

To integrate with CircleCI using a Github repository and reviewdog for comments, you can use the following setup.
```

```yml
version: 2.1

jobs:
  bearer:
    machine:
      image: ubuntu-2204:2023.07.2
    environment:
      # Set to default branch of your repo
      DEFAULT_BRANCH: main
    steps:
      - checkout
      - run: curl -sfL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Bearer/bearer/main/contrib/install.sh | sh -s -- -b /tmp
      - run: curl -sfL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/reviewdog/reviewdog/master/install.sh | sh -s -- -b /tmp
      - run: |
          CURRENT_BRANCH=$CIRCLE_BRANCH SHA=$CIRCLE_SHA1 /tmp/bearer scan . --format=rdjson --output=rd.json || export BEARER_EXIT=$?
          cat rd.json | REVIEWDOG_GITHUB_API_TOKEN=$GITHUB_TOKEN /tmp/reviewdog -f=rdjson -reporter=github-pr-review
          exit $BEARER_EXIT

workflows:
  test:
    jobs:
      - bearer:
          context:
            - bearer
            # make sure to set GITHUB_TOKEN in your context
```

The `GITHUB_TOKEN` in this case just requires read and write access to pull requests for the repository.

{% callout "warn" %}

> Currently DEFAULT_BRANCH is hard coded and diff scan support is not available due to base branch information not being available in Circle CI.
> In the future we hope to make this available by having the CLI call the Github API for the details.

Reviewer: Take-it-or-leave-it suggestion to avoid repetition of "available" 
```suggestion
Currently DEFAULT_BRANCH is hard coded and diff scanning is not supported because base branch information is not available in Circle CI.
In the future we hope to support diff scanning in Circle CI by having the CLI call the Github API for the details.
```

For more details and additional configuration, see our [guide to using GitLab](/guides/gitlab/).

## CircleCI

> To integrate with CicleCI you can add the following job to your `.circleci/config.yml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To integrate with CircleCI, you can add the following job to your `.circleci/config.yml`
```
